---
layout: post
title: User Experience Design Overview
subtitle: 'Understanding to Make' Summary
---

#### Initial Paper Prototype
In its first iteration, our paper prototype reflected our initial idea to implement the design on a system of kiosks and a mobile app. The general idea was that the mobile app would be used solely to gather personal data about the user’s visit while in the exhibits, and then this information would be uploaded to the kiosks where the user would be able to perform the primary interactions with the design. While we understood this hybrid platform system would be complicated, we thought it would help to keep people focussed on the art, not their phones, while in the actual exhibits. Thus, our paper prototype was a series of both mobile app and kiosk screens, which in combination performed the two tasks of providing agency in one’s museum visit, and learning about the curator’s perspective and vision for the exhibit. Essentially, the app would track the user’s physical journey through the museum, then the data would be uploaded to the kiosk at the end so they could print, share, or save a creative interpretation of their movement through the exhibits. Along the way the user would receive GPS triggered “curator notifications” which would tell them about their current location in the exhibit. They would also take pictures (with a camera built into the app) of pieces they particularly liked or disliked, upload those preferences to the kiosk, and then see similar pieces in the entirety of WCMA’s collection (digital and in-museum) and routes containing said pieces. See the inital paper prototype [here](https://cmpelz.github.io/2018-10-29-paper_prototype/).

#### Testing Process
Our testing method consisted primarily of Usability Tests with one Cognitive Walk-Through we performed ourselves. For the Usability Tests we selected a handful of participants of various backgrounds and with varying knowledge of art and technology. However, there were a few things all the participants had in common: none of them had ever done usability testing before or had ever designed technology, and each of them performed the test in the same quiet setting. When we ran the tests, Casey acted as the computer, changing the screens according to user input, Sam took notes on the user’s feedback, and Ryan rested his concussed brain. In the first iterations of testing the users were given very little initial prompting, but were instead told to basically pretend as though they were visiting a museum and to interact with the design as they saw fit, all while giving feedback if anything ever seemed confusing or very intuitive. As the tests progressed and our prototype changed, we started giving more specific prompts as we realized the users were not using the design as we had hoped, or were focussing entirely on what we intended to be trivial processes. Additionally, we interacted more with the participants during the test as we found clarifying a small detail could help illuminate greater issues to address. Finally, we performed the Cognitive Walk-Through before our final round of Usability Tests and discovered that some things we thought were clear or unimportant in our design actually had the potential to be points of great confusion. This was also the point at which we abandoned the kiosk aspect of our design and transitioned it all to the mobile app, making the final Usability Tests a little rocky given the freshness of our design. See specifics of each test [here](https://cmpelz.github.io/2018-11-08-usability_review/).
